Terms and Conditions ("Terms")  
==============================

Last updated: November 14, 2020

Please read these Terms and Conditions ("Terms", "Terms and Conditions")
carefully before using the Go Fit Alexa Skill (the "Service") developed by Nicholas Taras ("us", "we", or "our").

Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and
compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all users and
others who access or use the Service.

By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you
disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.

Use  
--------

Go Fit is an experimental Alexa skill, designed to help people who wish to do a pre-work out and stretch before taking on
more strenuous fitness activies or sport. 

The information in this skill is provided for informational and educational purposes only. It is not a substitute for professional medical advice, treatment or diagnosis. Call your doctor to receive medical advice. If you think you may have a medical emergency, please dial your local emergency response phone number

When following along to Go Fit, ensure you have enough room around you to carry out the moves, and most 
importantly, you are in good enough fitness to do the exercise. 

Go Fit does not take any liability for any type of damage or injury caused by using the service, please manage the risk of using this application before use.

Tip: If in doubt of how much space you need for an exercise or if you may injure yourself - listen to the routine before doing the exercises, 
then ask to repeat the exercise via the prompts given.

Tip: Tell others around you that you are going to need space to exercise. 

Accounts  
--------

We do not store any data with regards to your personal information.

At this time, the only data we collect are logs to ensure our services are up and running.
When any defects occur the logs help us to find out how an error happended and how we might fix it. 

Links / Account Linking To Other Web Sites  
------------------------------------------

Our Service contain links to third-party web sites or services that are
not owned or controlled by Go Fit.

Go Fit has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the
content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or
services. You further acknowledge and agree that Go Fit shall not be
responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused
or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any
such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or
services.

We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies
of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.

Termination  
-----------

We may terminate or suspend access to our Service immediately, without prior
notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation
if you breach the Terms.

All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination
shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership
provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.

We may terminate or suspend your account immediately, without prior notice or
liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you
breach the Terms.

Upon termination, your right to use the Service will immediately cease. If you
wish to terminate your account, you may simply discontinue using the Service.

All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination
shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership
provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.

Governing Law  
-------------

These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of New
South Wales, Australia, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.

Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be
considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held
to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these
Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement
between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior
agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.

Changes  
-------

We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms
at any time. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.

By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become
effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to
the new terms, please stop using the Service.

Contact Us  
----------

If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us. 

We hope you enjoy fit.

nicktaras83@gmail.com


